1.- What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

  When a repository is initialized a .git directory is created, in which all 
  metadata about tracked files is stored. This sets what is needed to start
  using git as a VCS in our project. I need to initialize the repository in 
  order to implement version control with git.

2.- How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

  The staging area is in between the process of taking changes in our working 
  directory to the repository. The staging area offers a way to flag the file or
  files that we are considering to include in our next commit. It allows us to
  choose every file that should be part of a particular commit, and split all
  changes to different files in different logical commits.

3.- How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?

  I could add files to staging area and then use git diff to compare files at
  staging area with the ones at the repository. (git diff --staged)

4.- What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?

  When there is the need to work on a major change in the project, that might
  brake it and make it unusable for a while. In this case a new branch can be
  created and leave the working master brach untouched.

5.- How do diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  Diagrams allows us to explore the branches structure, the related commits
  and let us know which commits are reachable from a specific branch

6.- What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
in the diagram the way we do?
  
  A new commit is created. This new commit includes every change that have been
  made in each branch

7.- What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually?

  Git's automatic merging significantly speeds the merging process. Using it
  can prevent typo errors. It brings to our attention any conflicts that may
  occur in the process so we can resolve them.